
   P.2 
   
    DONE - Your header and footer must match across the pages, so store their styles in an external file called restaurantStyles.css.
    DONE - Apply all positioning CSS styles for the image on the home page as an inline style.
    DONE - Apply all styles for the menu and contact form in internal style sheets.
    DONE - Style the restaurant name with a hosted or embedded font.
    DONE - Make sure that the menu item names are larger than their descriptions.
    DONE - Give the menu background a color other than white.
    DONE - Set the background of the home page's content - not including the header, footer, or site navigation - to a color other than white.
    DONE - Set the form labels for the required fields to be bold.
    DONE - Style the site navigation so that:
        DONE - Visited links appear in a different color than their default state.
        DONE - When you hover over a link, the text is bold. This should only be when hovering. Otherwise, the text should be the normal thickness.
        DONE - Active links should not be underlined.
    DONE - Add a section to the menu for beverages, with a table like the one below.
    DONE - Style this table to match your site's look and feel.

   
   P. 3
    DONE - Add Bootstrap to the site.
    DONE - Style the site navigation so that you are using either tabs or pills.
    DONE - Use a jumbotron or page header to call out big news - your restaurant is opening a new location!
    DONE - Make the site responsive using Bootstrap's grid system.
        DONE - The menu items should stack well, with no overlapping.
        DONE - The front page content should stack as well.
        DONE - Change the Home link to use an Icon from one of the supported fonts that looks like a house.
    DONE - Add a Carousel that rotates with three pieces of information:
        DONE - We're opening a new location!
        DONE - We're rolling out our seasonal menu, with special options for this season.
        DONE - The Drink of the Month is SG Special Brew.
    DONE -  Use the Bootstrap form items for your Contact Us form, validate in Javascript that data has been provided and give a message that the information is valid without submitting it anywhere.
    DONE - Make sure that users who have JavaScript disabled know that this site is best viewed with JavaScript enabled.

